[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This week on Gaia.
On a new "Art of Letting
Go with Sah D'Simone"--
>> In truth, forgiveness
simply means that you're making
a choice to stop the cycle
of pain from going forward.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>> The United States of America
weren't the only country
anymore that had extensive
knowledge about UFOs.
>> On "Channeling-- A
Bridge to the Beyond"--
>> Things can, in a
positive way, explode.
You can amplify and magnify
that energy many times
over within such a vortex.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> Six months after I
was out of the hospital,
I started having all kinds of
psychic phenomena happening
to me.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith"--
>> That's when our solar system
and our Earth and sun have
moved into a certain position
in relationship to the galactic
center.
>> On "The Awakening
Conference"--
>> There had been accounts of
this object orbiting our planet
not only orbiting our planet in
an orbit like equatorial orbit.
It was orbiting
in a polar orbit.
>> On "The Other Side"--
>> That's the power behind
numbers is it's a way
of identifying yourself in
the world and it's also a way
of helping you experience
the world in a richer way.
>> Only on Gaia.